
General Features:

1. HTML5
2. Small template footprint meaning fewer templates you have to over-ride


Advance Features (they can be disabled):

1. HTML5 Shiv: Adds support for HTML5 elements in IE8 and earlier.

2. Apple touch icons: Simple place your icons in your sub-theme's image directory and name them apple-touch-icon[-<X>x<Y>][-precomposed].png
3. Favicon: Simple place your favicon.ico in your sub-theme's image directory.

4. LESS: WP-LESS is plugin is included with Zero, or activate your own version of WP-LESS plugin to over-ride it.
5. Base CSS: The basic CSS structure is setup of reset.less, screen.less, print.less, and prose.less which you can override by creating files of the same name in your CSS directory.
6. Editor CSS: By using the convention of using the prose class name to signal body-content, the WYSIWYG editor is automatically kept up-to-date in styles. It loads reset.less, editor.less, and prose.less into the WYSIWYG.

7. Menu class name: Add better class names to the menu items generated by WordPress.
8. WP page menu: Adds options 'container', 'container_id', and 'container_class' to wp_page_menu to match wp_nav_menu.
9. Remove gallery CSS: Removes the style element added by WordPress' gallery feature.
10. Pager: Creates function zero_paginate_index_links that wraps paginate_links to work to create pagers for index/archive pages.
11. Comments: Generate the comment tree with HTML5 elements and gain better control of comment themeing with Zero_Walker_Comment walker class.
12. Page title: Adds a function zero_wp_title() with hook zero_wp_title to remove page title logic from the header.php.

13. Threaded comments script: Adds WordPress' comment-reply script for moving the reply form below the comment replying to.
14. Async script loading: Browsers typically download Javascript files one at a time slowing down load times. This will allow for them to download all at once while still running them in order as before (Future).

15. Widget areas: Wraps the handling of registering widget areas.
16. Post thumbnail: Wraps the handling of configuring the thumbnail size.

17. Login theme: Make your login page look like it is part of your site instead of WordPress. It will link the WordPress logo to your site and change the text for, as well it includes css/login.less.

18. Theme options: Quickly make basic theme options page (Future).

# CSS Conventions #

There aren't many CSS conventions that Zero uses, it keeps a very small footprint on your styles. But there is one
to keep because it results in less work. Use the class name 'prose' to mark the element that contains body content 
such as the content of a post, page, or comment. Place all the prose styles in css/prose.less. This automatically 
gets pulled in to the editor for styling the output.

# Header and footers #

You should not need to modify the footer.php or header.php templates because they only handle the doctype, head element, body element, and html element. 
To modify the start and end of the page, you can over-ride the body-header.php and body-footer.php templates.




